fix: cross layer data-driven property stoping down due to index confusion (#8068)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: CHANGELOG.md

- _...Add new stuff here..._

### 🐞 Bug fixes

> - Fix rare rendering bug causing two adjacent layers with different data driven property set to render wrong ([#8068](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/8068)) (by [@CommanderStorm](https://github.com/CommanderStorm))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix rare rendering bug causing two adjacent layers with different data driven property set to render wrong ([#8068](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/8068)) (by [@CommanderStorm](https://github.com/CommanderStorm))
- _...Add new stuff here..._
```

> - Fix `line` layers rendering as solid white when both `line-width` and `line-opacity` are data-driven, caused by the unused `a_floorwidth` attribute retaining a stale location that collided with `a_opacity` ([#8065](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/issues/8065)) (by [@CommanderStorm](https://github.com/CommanderStorm))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix rare rendering bug causing two adjacent layers with different data driven property set to render wrong ([#8068](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/8068)) (by [@CommanderStorm](https://github.com/CommanderStorm))
```
